in this video we'll learn how to use the
new genomic to unity preset reak if you
want to get the mesh I'm using for this
demo you have to go to the asset store
or the unity website and look for Kyle
and here you'll find a space robot Kyle
I modeled by Kyle Brewer beautiful gain
model and you know the format is FBX you
can open it in unity but you can also of
course load it in Lightwave both layout
and model there so you can you know
adapt the rig to to the model or edit
the model rest pose so once you have
placed the FBX file in your content
directory you can load it as a scene the
FBX file contains all the informations
needed to build the scene in Lightwave
so now the mesh with its UV and the
texture images and the joints are loaded
into layout this rig is compatible with
the mecha name system in in unity but of
course if you want to animate it my hand
while you have to to do that using FK
the genomically unity preset can really
help to make the animation process more
easy and straightforward so let's load
the mash in modeler and layer two we're
going to load the genomic to unity
preset you should have played in g-tube
bipeds and here it is genomic to unity
by bird so let's adapt this rig to the
mesh in background let's start turning
on
symmetry and from the front view I'm
going to select Flags moved in like this
and more and then I'm going to drag this
point here do not forget to keep the
pole vector aligned to the legs and in
front of the leg of course
so let's go on adapting the legs to the
mesh from the side view
yeah there should be nice enough let's
work on the arms so I'm going to move
the arms like that and I want to rotate
them okay let's go on the side we can
see this elbow needs to be aligned well
that's right nice and old so and should
be moved wait a beat now let's think to
the body we have the eyes here that will
not be used so we can just to lead them
and of course I'm going to select those
bones and Center pelvis with a beat
not just the position of the neck and
the head like this well that should work
now if we're planning to use AI K to
animate this model what we have to set a
preferred angle for the for the legs the
arms are okay they are bent but you see
the leg is straight so we need to do
something that's set both layers in
foreground and I'm going to select
the lag like this and the skeletons of
course and then I'm going to rotate from
the side view like this about minus 12
degrees then all I have to do is to
select this part of the leg and rotate
again this time 12 degrees so now we can
see we have the preferred angle for for
the legs maybe it's even not enough but
we will verify that so let's cut and
paste the two layers layer one I can
save the object and send it to layout
okay so here we can use create a rig to
have the recreated
in the next video we'll verify the rig
and we'll test and describe the controls
you can use to animate it thanks for
watching